(Xinhua/Sun Fanyue)  Travelers go through immigration inspection at Terminal 1 of Tianjin Binhai International Airport in north China's Tianjin, Aug. 27, 2025.
(Xinhua/Sun Fanyue)  Passengers queue for immigration inspection at Terminal 1 of Tianjin Binhai International Airport in north China's Tianjin, Aug. 27, 2025.
(Xinhua/Sun Fanyue)  An officer from the Tianjin Airport Border Inspection Station assists an Indonesian passenger in filling out a disembarkation card at Terminal 1 of Tianjin Binhai International Airport in north China's Tianjin, Aug. 27, 2025.
(Xinhua/Sun Fanyue)  Two international flights arrive successively at Tianjin Binhai International Airport in north China's Tianjin, Aug.27, 2025.
(Xinhua/Sun Fanyue)
 Young students from the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) countries perform during the Kaleidoscope Cultural Bazaar in north China's Tianjin, Aug. 6, 2025.
(Xinhua/Li Ran) TIANJIN, Aug. 6 (Xinhua) -- Hundreds of young students from SCO countries gathered at the event to experience cultural diversity through showcases and performances.
Young students from the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) countries try shadow puppet show during the Kaleidoscope Cultural Bazaar in north China's Tianjin, Aug. 6, 2025.
(Xinhua/Li Ran)  Young students from the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) countries perform during the Kaleidoscope Cultural Bazaar in north China's Tianjin, Aug. 6, 2025.
(Xinhua/Li Ran)  Young students from the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) countries try on Beijing Opera costumes during the Kaleidoscope Cultural Bazaar in north China's Tianjin, Aug. 6, 2025.
(Xinhua/Li Ran)  Young students from the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) countries watch a performance of Chinese traditional martial art during the Kaleidoscope Cultural Bazaar in north China's Tianjin, Aug. 6, 2025.
(Xinhua/Li Ran)  Young students from the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) countries try Chinese calligraphy during the Kaleidoscope Cultural Bazaar in north China's Tianjin, Aug. 6, 2025.
(Xinhua/Li Ran)  Young students from the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) countries try Chinese stone rubbing art during the Kaleidoscope Cultural Bazaar in north China's Tianjin, Aug. 6, 2025.
(Xinhua/Li Ran)  Young students from the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) countries make lanterns during the Kaleidoscope Cultural Bazaar in north China's Tianjin, Aug. 6, 2025.
(Xinhua/Li Ran)
 Young students from the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) countries visit an ancient cultural street in north China's Tianjin, Aug. 14, 2025.
Hundreds of young students from SCO countries, who are visiting China on a cultural exchange program, experienced the charm of traditional Chinese culture here on Thursday.
(Xinhua/Li Ran)  A young student from the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) country poses for a photo in traditional Chinese attire at an ancient cultural street in north China's Tianjin, Aug. 14, 2025.
(Xinhua/Li Ran)  A young student from the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) country selects cultural and creative products at an ancient cultural street in north China's Tianjin, Aug. 14, 2025.
(Xinhua/Li Ran)  Young students from the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) countries select gifts at an ancient cultural street in north China's Tianjin, Aug. 14, 2025.
(Xinhua/Li Ran)  Young students from the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) countries pose for a group photo at an ancient cultural street in north China's Tianjin, Aug. 14, 2025.
The 2025 China Momentum Large-Scale Media Research Tour officially kicked off simultaneously on May 14 in Shenyang, northeast China's Liaoning Province, and Hefei, east China's Anhui Province.
31 reporting teams from People's Daily Online will fan out across China to spotlight how the nation is putting the new development philosophy featuring innovative, coordinated, green, open and shared development into action.
Reporters of People's Daily Online visit ShenGu Group in Shenyang, northeast China's Liaoning Province, as part of the China Momentum Large-Scale Media Research Tour.
(People's Daily Online/Zhou Songxue) At the rotor workshop of ShenGu Group, which is dedicated to the research, development, design, and manufacturing of turbomachinery in Tiexi district of Shenyang, 24-year-old technician Wang Long assigned tasks via a digital interface, activating a computer numerical control (CNC) machine which is capable of sculpting to a precision of 0.003 millimeters.
In Hefei, a team of graduates of Tsinghua University born after 2000 from Chinese robotics startup Zerith was fine-tuning a humanoid robot due for delivery by the end of the month.
Nearby, in the national operations center of a low-altitude logistics company, pilots were monitoring drones conducting deliveries across the country.
Cattle egrets, a species under second-class state protection in China, rest at Plant Lydia of automaker BMW Brilliance in Shenyang, northeast China's Liaoning Province.
(Photo provided to People's Daily Online) At Plant Lydia of automaker BMW Brilliance in Shenyang, factory director Zhang Tao stepped away from a meeting with German colleagues to share a story.
"We're committed to making world-class cars while protecting our land," he said.
The plant operates entirely on green electricity and recycles 100 percent of its industrial water.
"Even cattle egrets, a species under second-class state protection in China which is sensitive to environmental conditions, have made this factory their home."
Reporters of People's Daily Online visit China Telecom Quantum Group in Hefei, east China's Anhui Province, as part of the China Momentum Large-Scale Media Research Tour.
(People's Daily Online/Miao Zijian) As one of China's top four science and education hubs, Hefei is leveraging its strengths to drive high-quality growth.
Inside the showroom of China Telecom Quantum Group at the Grand Union of Innovation (GUi) in Hefei, the "Tianyan-504" superconducting quantum computer draws attention.
According to the company, it now serves users in over 50 countries, with more than 27 million visits to the platform.
Photo shows the "Tianyan-504" superconducting quantum computer of China Telecom Quantum Group at the Grand Union of Innovation (GUi) in Hefei, east China's Anhui Province.
(People's Daily Online/Miao Zijian) Nearby on Yunfei Road, known as the "Quantum Street," over 30 leading quantum technology companies have clustered, covering quantum computing, communication, and sensing.
Hefei now hosts nearly a third of China's quantum firms and more than 70 related enterprises.
In the days ahead, the reporting teams will visit Fuxin and Jinzhou in Liaoning to explore desertification control, mine restoration, and integrated management of mountains, water and city.
In Anhui, they will travel to Ma'anshan and Xuancheng to showcase how regional coordination and sustainable development are being put into practice.
The 2025 China Momentum Large-Scale Media Research Tour will continue until the end of the year.
The reports will be presented in languages of China's ethnic groups and 18 foreign languages on People's Daily Online to showcase the country's development over the past five years and promote unity and progress.
The inaugural 2024 tour saw 340 young reporters visit more than 500 grassroots locations, producing over 600 multimedia reports that garnered a total of more than 1.5 billion views across platforms.
 Photo shows bamboo forests in Guangde, east China's Anhui Province.
(People's Daily Online/Zhang Jun) What comes to mind when you think of bamboo products?
Bamboo chopsticks, mats, fans — or perhaps something else?
In Guangde, east China's Anhui Province, the remarkable versatility of bamboo is transforming perceptions of the traditional industry.
Everyday items such as straws, keyboards, computer mice and razors, once made from plastic, are now being crafted from bamboo.
The potential uses for this sustainable material are broader than ever imagined.
Situated at the intersection of eight counties in Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Anhui provinces, Guangde boasts nearly 1 million mu (66,667 hectares) of bamboo forests, earning it the nickname "China's Bamboo Town."
In Dongting township, locals make full use of the region's abundant bamboo.
From cultivation to production and sales, a thriving processing chain has developed.
The township is home to four major bamboo processing enterprises and more than 50 workshops, generating an annual output of 1.3 billion yuan ($179 million) and providing jobs for over 2,000 local residents.
A bamboo weaving artisan crafts products by hand.
(People's Daily Online/Zhang Jun)  A bamboo bag on display.
(People's Daily Online/Zhang Jun)  Photo shows a tearoom furnished with bamboo tables and chairs.
(People's Daily Online/Miao Zijian)  Photo shows lifelike animal ornaments made from bamboo shoot sheaths.
(People's Daily Online/Zhang Jun)  Photo shows a Bluetooth-enabled bamboo keyboard and mouse.
(People's Daily Online/Zhang Jun) Intern Geng Yujie contributed to this story.
Around noon on May 14, a drone landed at an industrial park in Baohe district, Hefei, east China's Anhui Province, delivering coffee from a shopping mall 3 kilometers away.
The coffee remained refreshingly cold.
"The route was opened two months ago.
It's our 80th regularly operating drone route in Hefei," said Su Ruixia, deputy general manager of Hefei Songba Feihe Low Altitude Logistics Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of drone manufacturer Antwork Technology.
Since launching operations in February 2024, the company has established nearly 100 drone routes across the city.
A delivery drone from Hefei Songba Feihe Low Altitude Logistics Co., Ltd. prepares to land.
(People's Daily Online/Miao Zijian) In February 2024, Antwork Technology set up its national operations center in Baohe district, Hefei.
The following month, the city's first blood delivery drone route was launched, along with six others supporting emergency medical needs such as blood, medication, lab samples, and medical supplies.
"The drones fly at around 100 meters and cover about 1 kilometer per minute," Su explained.
Compared to traditional methods, drones cut delivery time by more than half, ensuring a faster response for urgent hospital supplies, Su said.
Early one morning last July, a woman undergoing surgery at a Hefei hospital suffered severe bleeding and urgently needed a large blood supply.
Within two hours, drones made eight round trips, flying a total of about 170 kilometers and delivering over 10,000 milliliters of blood.
A drone prepares to land at a blood center in Hefei, east China's Anhui Province.
(People's Daily Online/Tao Wei) "Since the delivery routes were launched, daily medical drone flights have grown from two to three to over 100.
We've opened nearly 100 routes and built close to 40 drone hubs," said Su.
Behind the drone delivery routes is a team of drone operators.
"Each operator monitors up to eight drones flying in different cities," said 23-year-old Zhang Yuxin, a drone operator at the national operations center of Hefei Songba Feihe Low Altitude Logistics Co., Ltd. At the monitoring center, pilots like Zhang oversee drone operations in more than 30 cities, ensuring "air expressways" operate smoothly and safely.
The Dongfeng Motor Global Innovation Center, a futuristic building complex of auto manufacturing giant Dongfeng Motor Corporation, stands out prominently at the Wuhan Economic and Technological Development Zone in Wuhan, capital of central China's Hubei Province.
It's hailed as an "intelligent engine" of China's auto industry.
Data reveals that in 2024, Dongfeng Motor filed 6,297 invention patent applications, achieving nearly 200 percent of its annual target and setting a new record.
It also received 1,906 newly granted invention patents, ranking first for three consecutive years in both granted invention patents and patent innovation index among China's independent automakers, demonstrating sustained innovation vitality.
Dongfeng Motor's Mach Electric Hybrid PHREV, the first Mach hybrid engine in the industry with a certified thermal efficiency of 45.18 percent, is on display in the center's exhibition area.
This breakthrough not only sets a new industry record but also signifies that China has become a frontrunner in automotive power technology in the world.
The DF30, introduced by Dongfeng Motor, is China's first high-performance automotive-grade MCU chip, marking a new breakthrough in the domestic automotive-grade chip field.
The Dongfeng Hydrogen Boat, China's first full-power fuel cell passenger vehicle, is also on display in the new energy vehicle exhibition area of the center, showcasing Dongfeng Motor's early plan in hydrogen energy.
From a technology follower to a standard-setter, Dongfeng Motor exemplifies the rise of China's intelligent manufacturing.
We should respect our differences, maintain strategic communication, build up consensus, and strengthen solidarity and collaboration.
We should make the pie of cooperation bigger, and fully utilize the endowment of every country, so that we can fulfill our responsibility for peace, stability, development and prosperity in the region.
Second, we should pursue mutual benefit and win-win results.
We need to better align our development strategies and promote the high-quality implementation of the Belt and Road Initiative, so that in planning and building relevant projects together and benefiting from them together we can strengthen the momentum of regional development and improve the well-being of the people.
We should leverage the strengths of our mega-sized markets and economic complementarity between member states, and improve trade and investment facilitation.
We should enhance cooperation in such areas as energy, infrastructure, green industry, the digital economy, scientific and technological innovation, and artificial intelligence.
We should march toward modernization hand in hand by bringing out the best in one another and working together for a shared future.
Third, we should champion openness and inclusiveness.
The vast land of Asia and Europe, a cradle of ancient civilizations where the earliest exchanges between the East and the West took place, has been a driving force behind human progress.
Since ancient times, people of different countries have bartered and traded for mutual benefit and learned from each other.
SCO member states need to enhance mutual understanding and friendship through people-to-people exchanges, firmly support one another in economic cooperation, and jointly cultivate a garden of civilizations in which all cultures flourish in prosperity and harmony through mutual enlightenment.
Fourth, we should uphold fairness and justice.
We must promote a correct historical perspective on World War II, and oppose the Cold War mentality, bloc confrontation and bullying practices.
We should safeguard the U.N.-centered international system, and support the multilateral trading system with the WTO at its core.
We should advocate an equal and orderly multipolar world and a universally beneficial and inclusive economic globalization, and make the global governance system more just and equitable.
Fifth, we should strive for real results and high efficiency.
We should continuously promote SCO reform, increase resources input and enhance capacity building to improve its institutional structure and make its decision-making more scientific and its actions more efficient.
We should put into use the SCO Universal Center for Countering Security Challenges and Threats and the SCO Anti-drug Center and set up an SCO development bank as soon as possible to provide stronger underpinnings for security and economic cooperation among member states.
Colleagues, China always aligns its development with that of the SCO and with the aspiration of the people of member states for a better life.
To date, China's investment stock in other SCO member states has exceeded US$84 billion, and its annual bilateral trade with other SCO member states has surpassed US$500 billion.
China has always focused on taking real actions to ensure better development of the SCO.
Going forward, China plans to implement 100 "small and beautiful" livelihood projects in member states with such need.
It will provide RMB 2 billion yuan in grant to SCO member states within this year, and will issue an additional RMB 10 billion yuan in loan to the member banks of the SCO Interbank Consortium over the next three years.
Starting from next year, China will double the current number of SCO-specific scholarships, and launch an SCO innovative PhD program to jointly train high-caliber talent in academic as well as scientific and technological research.
In the next five years, China will establish 10 Luban Workshops in SCO member states and provide 10,000 human resources training opportunities.
Colleagues, As a Chinese saying goes, "Where will prevails, no boundary holds."
Let us stay true to SCO's founding mission, step up to undertake our duties, promote the sound and sustained development of the SCO with greater resolve and more practical measures, and march steadily toward a brighter tomorrow of a community with a shared future for humanity.
Thank you.
Tomorrow, I will join our colleagues at the Meeting of the Council of Heads of Member States.
We will also convene the "SCO Plus" Meeting with leaders of non-SCO members and international organizations.
We will focus on how to strengthen cooperation, promote development, and improve global governance.
I am confident that with the collective efforts of all parties, this Summit will be a complete success and the SCO will play an even greater role, achieve greater development, and make greater contribution to strengthening solidarity and cooperation among the member states, pooling the strength of the Global South, and promoting the cause of human advancement.
As a Chinese saying goes, "In a race of a hundred boats, those who row the hardest will lead."
Let us uphold the Shanghai Spirit and set out from Tianjin on a new voyage filled with hope toward an even brighter future.
